add details about cards for RC522 (#2372)
MiczFlor/RPi-Jukebox-RFID: documentation/developers/rfid/mfrc522_spi.md

MFRC522 boards can be picked up from many places for little money.

Good quality ones can be found e.g. here

### Cards/Tags

> Cards or tags must support 13.56 MHz. NTAG product numbers should be S50 or S70.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cards or tags must support 13.56 MHz. Currently, only cards/tags of the type "NXP Mifare Classic 1k(S50)", "NXP Mifare Classic 4k(S70)" and "NXP Mifare Ultralight (C)" can be used. Type "NXP Mifare NTAG2xx" will not work!
```
